feat: add zig blogpost (#178)
hendriknielaender/double-trouble: data/blog/zbench.md

---

> publishDate: "July 08 2023"

Reviewer: please change the date

Author: changed

> title: "Zig Programming Landscape: Creating a Benchmarking Library"
> description: "Explore the process of creating a benchmarking library in Zig."

Reviewer: Nit: Consider a different title (existing one is also kind of fine)
```suggestion
title: "Taking off with Zig: Putting the Z in Benchmark"
description: "Explore the process of creating a benchmarking library in Zig."
```

Author: yes sir! thats super cool! maybe you can generate a cool rocket that takes of with the yellow zig chameleon 🙄

Reviewer: It seems midjourney is getting worse 😆 anything here you like?
<img width="678" alt="image" src="https://github.com/hendriknielaender/double-trouble/assets/11775168/35fce081-eea9-4eb3-aeff-4c3fef38733f">
<img width="680" alt="image" src="https://github.com/hendriknielaender/double-trouble/assets/11775168/dec95132-da7f-442e-aa69-b9cdfb9f6b7d">
<img width="680" alt="image" src="https://github.com/hendriknielaender/double-trouble/assets/11775168/99819c0c-e4f1-4b17-87f2-e4cbe7d1ad50">
<img width="680" alt="image" src="https://github.com/hendriknielaender/double-trouble/assets/11775168/99819c0c-e4f1-4b17-87f2-e4cbe7d1ad50">

Reviewer: <img width="680" alt="image" src="https://github.com/hendriknielaender/double-trouble/assets/11775168/bde16bcb-d8bb-4da2-b93c-f4683790c8f9">
<img width="680" alt="image" src="https://github.com/hendriknielaender/double-trouble/assets/11775168/9ac7e207-ca05-4c84-9f55-f2a8e5d7679a">
<img width="680" alt="image" src="https://github.com/hendriknielaender/double-trouble/assets/11775168/53fe6ad2-2a40-4d06-b03a-bad199812ba9">

image: ~/assets/images/thumbnails/lizard.png
imageCreditUrl: https://labs.openai.com/

> tags: [gptpost, zig, rust, benchmark,]

Reviewer: nit
```suggestion
tags: [gptpost, zig, rust, benchmark,release]
```

Author: added

---

My Journey in Creating My First Zig Library
===========================================

> As a software developer, I'm always exploring new languages and tools that might transform the way we create and manage code. That's when I came across Zig, an open-source programming language designed to compete with C/C++ in terms of speed and simplicity. This inspired me to create my first library in Zig, a journey that taught me about the language's current status and potential, as well as its limitations.

Reviewer: Nit: I think this paragraph is written a bit weirdly, but i guess all good since it is a gptpost

Author: fixed
